core.check_update: Add config documentation for check_update core config (#1681)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/config.md

  and `false` (default). Set with the `--no-scm` option of `dvc init`
  ([more details](/doc/command-reference/init#initializing-dvc-without-git)).

> - `core.check_update` - disable/enable DVC's automatic update checks, which
>   notify the user when a new version is available. Accepts values `true` (default)
>   and `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `core.check_update` - disable/enable DVC's automatic update checks, which
  notify the user when a new version is available. Accepts values `true`
  (default) and `false`.
```

  and `false` (default). Set with the `--no-scm` option of `dvc init`
  ([more details](/doc/command-reference/init#initializing-dvc-without-git)).

> - `core.check_update` - used to enable/disable dvc checking for update and
>   notifying user. Accepts values `true` (default) and `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `core.check_update` - disable/enable DVC's automatic update checks, which
  notify the user when a new version is available. Accepts values `true` (default)
  and `false`.
```
